You're okay?
Yeah.
Mom, save me
Auntie Jiaojiao made a mistake this time
The fault of the child not the godmother
I apologize to you.
It's not me who you want to apologize to, it's Yining
Yining
Jiaojiao was indeed wrong this time.
I will make it up to you.
The position of director of planning is still vacant
You don't need such compensation.
I want the school to apologize to you.
Do you have it at home?
What are you?
Don't listen to my apology
Jiaojiao, stop talking
In that case
Xiao Xu contacted the judicial department
It's Xiao Gu
For the sake of the traffic offender
And this time he attempted the crime
Can you give him a chance to reform?
Yu Dong, you saw it too
You've already given him a chance
Since you are so stubborn
Then let the law educate him well
Mom, you are the chairperson of Xu Shi
You won't let me go to the detention center, will you?
Yes, yes.
Auntie, look
I suggest you'd better not go popular.
You have the means
We have stories.
Let Xu Jiao go to the detention center for 15 days
And get educated.
It is also good for Xu Shi
Yunting, why are you so cruel?
Jiang Yining is because you seduced Yunting
He is so heartless
Yining has never seduced me
I've been chasing him
The only person I liked from beginning to end was Jiang Yining
Deal, I won't let you go when I come out.